Change MVC preparation mechanism (#585)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: README.md

## ASP.NET Demos

> 1. Set `hg` property in repository.config.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the `repository.config.json` file and set the `hg` property to a path where your clone of the `mobile` repository is located, for example:

    ````
    {
      "hg": "/home/user/my-repos/mobile"
    }
    ````
```
